# Use Case 201

## ID

**UC201**

## Description

Update board members to develop, update and fix software.

## User Story

As a manager, I want to report updates about the new system to board members so that the requirements can be evaluated and fixed efficiently.

## Goal

Update call centre system through re-evaluating requirements.

## Priority

High

## Actors

### Primary

- Manager

### Secondary Actors

- Customer
- Call Control System
- Board Members
- Developers
- Call Centre Data Centre

## Pre-conditions

Customers have a suggestion or quarrel with the new system and wish to access a platform in which to respond to the company on how to improve it.

## Post-conditions

The call centre system will be updated with bug fixes and will pertain to relevant requirements.

## Trigger

Customer logs on to the new system to report an issue.

## Main Flow

1. System directs customer to the landing page of the website.
2. Customer clicks on “Give Feedback” button.
3. System opens feedback response form for customer to fill out.
4. Customer enters the details for the issue they have experience by entering relevant data, such as a description of the issue and possible suggestions. Customer clicks ‘Submit’ button when done.
5. System stores form in call centre database for Manager to access and directs customer back to landing page.
6. Manager accesses feedback files by clicking on ‘View Feedback’ on the system admin page.
7. System provides each of the feedback forms to the manager to review.
8. Manager reviews and details the feedback as a list of requirements that are given to board members to review and assign to the developers to address. Developers then access system to make relevant changes
9. System is updated and tested by developers for the public to use.

## Exceptions

### Expection 1

Step 1 - If the call centre system is down and the customer can’t provide relevant feedback then the manager cannot access the files from the system.

### Exception 2

Step 8 - If the board does not evaluate the feedback as relevant or necessary to fix then the system won’t be updated as per the customer’s information.

## Includes/Extends/Inherits

N/A

## Supporting Information

Feedback forms are stored in the call centre database.

Board members and managers evaluate feedback as per a specific criteria in order to ascertain the most important requirements to address.

## Non-Functional Requirements

All packages must load and display within a few seconds of a button click at least 99.9% of the time.

Capacity: Adequate storage space must be available in the central cloud-storage server to store feedback forms.

Security: System security must be robust.

Criteria for requirements must be reasonable and relevant so system updates remain critical.
