# Use Case 301

## ID

**UC301**

## Description

Promote travel packages to customers and serve customers via effective call centre system

## User Story

As an employee, I want the regularly updated guideline and scripts from the system so that I can promote our packages to customers and serve customers effectively.

## Goal

Provide the details of travel packages based on customers details from the database.

## Priority

High

## Actors

### Primary

- Employee

### Secondary

- Actor-Customer
- Call Control System
- Call Centre Database

## Pre-conditions

Call Centre Database generates scripts and guidelines based on customer’s details. Employee provides the travel package details to the customers. Customers are segmented by the System to route the call to the appropriate employee.

## Post-conditions

Employee will be able to serve the customers effectively by providing suitable travel package information.

## Trigger

Employee receives the call from the customer through call control and needs to provide the information of travel packages the customer would like to know.

## Main Flow

1. The call control system directs the customer’s call to the employee.
2. The employee clicks on customer’s profile stored in the database.
   > If the system could not find the customer’s details, then refer to Alternate Flow 1 “Failed Customer Verification”.
3. The system successfully verifies the customers and moves to another information page.
4. The system generates the guidelines and scripts related to travel packages.
5. The employee assists the customer with inquires and promotes appropriate travel packages.
6. The use case ends.

## Exceptions

### Exception 1

Step 1 - If the call centre management database is down and the employee cannot access scripts and guidelines matched with customer’s details.

### Exception 2

Step 1-6 - If the employee closes the browser anytime, then the employee cannot see the information generated by the system.

## Includes/Extends/Inherits

N/A

## Supporting Information

Customer’s details, all promotion scripts and guidelines are stored on a central server.

## Non-Functional Requirements

All packages must load and display within a few seconds of a button click at least 99.9% of the time.

Capacity: Adequate storage space must be available in the central cloud-storage server.

Security: System security must be robust.

## Alternative Flow 1 - “Failed Customer Verification”

### Trigger

The details provided by the customer could not be matched with the customer information in the database.

### Flow

1. The System displays an error code “Customer Verification Failed. Does not match with any information”.
2. The customer reconfirms all necessary details
3. Re-join Step 3 of the Main Flow.

### Post Conditions

The employee can finally provides the travel package information to the customers based on the scripts and guideline generated by the system.

### Exceptions

#### Exception 1

Step 1-3: The employee closes the browser window anytime, and then the session needs to restart again.
